I checked in at Brooklands Guest House on Monday afternoon to
discover a surprisingly small room with no desk or phone.  I was
assured that the only reason I was being placed in this room was
because a light bulb had gone out in my intended room.  I replied
that it would be fine for one night.  My stay was for eleven
nights and one night in this room seemed a reasonable sacrifice.
The next morning there was nobody to be found downstairs and no
phone in my room to call anyone.  When I returned in the evening
I had not been moved and there was still no one to be found
downstairs.  The room description on booking.com clearly
indicates that the room I booked should have a desk and phone.
The room had neither.  There was nothing to do but wait until the
morning to speak with the owner.  I did so and she was
immediately aggressive and insulting.  She asked if I wanted to
leave and be reimbursed.  I agreed and moved out.  I have not
received any indication from my bank that she has followed
through with the reimbursement.  My sponsor, a professor at
Cambridge University, called to inquire about the situation and
within seconds they were shouting at each other.  It was shocking
to me to see the degree to which Naomi was disrespectful to
paying customers.  My sponsor agreed.  The room did not meet the
standards indicated by booking.com.  Naomi's behavior was
shockingly disrespectful.  I am still checking with my bank to
see if the reimbursement comes through.  If it does not I will
have to contest the payment with my credit card.  I do not want
to have to write bad reviews and seek compensation in small
claims court, but I have been assured by my sponsor that he will
back me if I do so.



Local number:
    0203 564 6725
International (English):
    +44 20 3320 2609