I checked in to Brooklands Guest House on Monday morning.  I was told
that I was being put in a different room because there was a problem
with a light in my room.  There was no phone or desk in this room.
The advertisement for the room on booking.com clearly indicates a phone
and desk.  Tuesday morning I packed up my things and went to work for
the day.  When I returned there was nobody to be found downstairs and
I had not been moved to the other room.  I could not call the phone
number posted on the wall without a phone in my room.  My wife was
able to call from Wisconsin to inquire about the room change, and she
discovered that the room had been given to someone else.  We were told
that I could speak with Naomi in the morning at breakfast.  When I
spoke with Naomi the next morning she was quite disrespectful.  She
claimed that I did not facilitate the changing of rooms.  I explained
that I was at work all day and unable to help.  I was surprised to
learn that I needed to be present for her to change my room.  She
asked if I would like to check out and be reimbursed for the rest of
the stay.  Given Naomi's level of rudeness and disprestful behavior I
immediately said yes.  During this conversation she became hostile and
inconsistent and it became clear that speaking with her further would
be of no use.  The next day, Wednesday, my wife emailed Brooklands to
confirm that I had moved out and would be reimbursed for the remainder
of the stay.  There was no reply.  The following day Dr. Woodcock
called Brooklands to inquire about the reimbursemnt.  Naomi was
disrespectful to him as well.  After that phone call I had a courier
return the key to Brooklands.  A few days later I emailed booking.com
with a complaint.  There was no reply, so I emailed again.  Still no
reply, so I called.  I was told by booking.com that Brooklands had
refused to reimburse me, and if I wanted to pursue it I would have to
call Brooklands directly.

